listen stephen king is the stanley of
horror
someone's got to say it i know there are
people out there who respect a man
so this isn't for you but you agree with
what i'm saying because the way that
this new generation praises stan
i feel like he should also right this
man has so many stories this man has so
many movies and cameos
that as esteemed as he already is it
should be higher
what i'm saying is that this man goes
past edgar allan poe
i don't see any reason why we're not
studying this man in school like we do
shakespeare
shakespeare honestly i think that a lot
of it comes from school boards just
being ignorant and misunderstanding the
power of the horror genre and the
emotions and ideas it can invoke
like i don't even think he owns the
stories anymore you know they're bigger
than him like romeo and juliet they're
timeless
they're going to be remade a dozen times
over for centuries the way we still
adapt old fables and folk tales
so it's kind of ironic that the tagline
for this movie is about you know
something coming back to life because
that's kind of what's happening but i
also kind of see it sort of like a
horror a star is born if you will where
each incarnation means something
slightly different but it has its own
merits
let me explain so supposedly the origins
of the story came to king when he
lost his cat and even almost lost his
son who was rushing towards a road full
of semis and according to him he
believes this is the darkest book he's
ever written
to the point that he didn't even think
anyone would pick it up like we're
talking about a story where the concern
isn't about death being a bad thing
right
he's not really seeing it like the end
of life he's looking at it from an
optimistic perspective where
death is the end of pain now i've been
pretty vocal that i don't mind remakes
or reimaginings because
to me it doesn't replace the original
like people act it does if anything it
gives it more attention right
now there's a whole new generation who
realizes they can go back and watch the
original
what i do feel is pointless though is
whenever it doesn't add anything you
know what i mean
like whenever they make it clear that
the directors don't care and it's just
the cash grab
i think the directors are legit for all
of these incarnations the original was
hung by a super successful music video
director who hasn't really done much
since but
yo if mary lambert came back now
if mary lambert came back now her and
jennifer kent would go
hard for this new one they're just as
dope i don't know if you guys saw starry
eyes but
i highly recommend it because these guys
are true horror fans like these guys
wanted to make
pets cemetery and got denied the right
to make it like
years ago and they were even told they
were never going to be able to and they
just sat there like
i will see in a couple years then i do
get why people don't like the change
that has happened for the newer one and
where they've swapped out which child
gets possessed and
i get that directing an older actress
makes it easier but
personally i think that it would have
been better to have a little kid right
like i get that they were talking about
that they didn't want it to be like
chucky or reminiscent of a bunch of
other
you know possessed kid stories but it's
like we've also seen creepy little girls
i will always say that it's scarier to
deal with a kid who is under the age of
five because like
how do i punt him that said king said he
had no problem with the switch of which
kid gets possessed and he actually gave
a great analogy about it so you know
if anyone's still up in arms about it i
agree you don't have to like the new one
but
you can't argue with the man who wrote
the book in terms of the story we follow
a family who moves to the country after
the dad accepts a job there as opposed
to chicago or boston depending on which
one you're watching
in each incarnation you kind of question
if things would have been better if you
just stayed back
like we're about to see a guy who be it
pride or whatever it is
this man's continuously making bad
decisions even though he has proof right
in front of him so
i'm wondering if this pattern started
before all of this like the decision to
actually move his family and not stay
back home to handle
whatever it was could have been the
starting point one day at work lewis
can't save this dude named pascal who
comes in looking like two-face and he
starts having visions of him
haunting him warning him to stay away
from that place i don't know if it was
because it was the 80s but
the first movie decided to have your boy
pascal holding
doors open from beyond the grave he's
chilling like season two had a baker
trying to get attention
i'm glad they didn't do that for the new
one instead they kind of hide in zelda's
backstory a bit
or at least visually zelda is rachel's
sister who suffered from spinal
meningitis
this is not spinal meningitis and rachel
felt a lot of guilt having to take care
of her
in every take she feels guilty for her
death because she either
choked on the food that she was giving
her and wasn't there to care for her or
was too scared like in the new one where
she
decided to send up the food in a pulley
only for zelda to reach for it
fall down to her death and become a sack
of bones it's some jacked up childhood
that sticks with you
what's interesting is that no matter how
great our movie magic has gone over the
years
the 89 version actually has a dude
covered up in a bunch of makeup to get
the effect they wanted for zelda
some have even theorized that the whole
thing is a plan orchestrated by zelda
from beyond the grave and that's why we
see gage dress up like the portrait we
saw earlier in the film but
i don't know i just kind of feel like
it's evil coming around in circles
but whether it's an evil burial ground
or the windigo monster like the original
i think what really makes the movie
timeless is how the father goes through
all the stages of grief let me explain
when church dies in the most recent
movie it's because of that same dumb
road where the semis are playing fast
and furious for some reason
that cat ends up being more twisted than
rachel's sister and so his pride comes
in
and where lewis is this fool who is
always claiming that he's honest and
open and will answer anything for his
daughter
even gets to the point of shutting down
his wife when she brings up her
spiritual side
but then when it's actually time to be
honest my man just man just doesn't do
anything there's an obvious theme
dealing with burying things that really
comes to play with this line right here
one that the directors have fought to
keep with each incarnation
and to me you can compare it to other
parables like when jesus was talking
about the soil and it being a metaphor
for people's hearts
king is always putting that stuff in
there and some people you can even say
are harder to reach than others and
lewis here is clearly not getting any of
the advice going his way
judd who also should know better is the
one who convinces him to bury the cat so
he wouldn't have to
you know deal with letting his daughter
know and his daughter was actually the
one who discovered the pet cemetery
which a lot of people have questioned
why it's spelled differently um
it's from the perspective of the kids uh
i find that to be
super creepy that's the thing with
stephen king's work and why they're so
scary
he puts you in their state of mind
obviously winston comes back but while
everyone thinks he's evil
i just think he's a cat like i
personally i'm tired of seeing cats in
movies there have been way too many this
year and i don't even trust him if cats
are supposed to have nine lives then
how do we know winston ain't doing all
of this but the idea that he could bury
something and it'll come back
ends up being sewn into lewis's mind
remember a lot of bearing metaphors
but unlike the audience who knows
they're watching a horror movie lois is
like
you know what the hell is going on we
then get the big incident that happens
again because of a semi i'll just say
this about the new one i get that we can
now make things louder with the new
design that we have but man those trucks
and
this movie created a phobia for me in
these trucks to the point that
i i want to ignore my uncle who does
that for a living and honestly this has
been so in in
my mind ever since i saw this thing
so whether you prefer the creepy kid
from the 89 version getting possessed or
the 2019 performance know that
stephen king will always be darker it's
funny every time i see a movie trying to
cut back on things because you know like
in true stories they always try to add
things they try to fabricate things to
make it more hollywood
well stephen king they're trying to to
cut out as much as possible
like the death in this movie and the new
one is a 13 year old girl getting hit by
a truck during a game of hide and seek
the 1989 version
is a five-year-old flying a kite into
the street but the book
the book is a two-year-old who was
running away from his daddy playing a
game
do you even realize the difference in
guilt there like there's realizing your
kids getting run over while you're
kicking back four coors light at a party
right
it's another if they were playing hide
and seek from you you know you didn't
put him there
but it's so different knowing you chased
him into the road
the guilt would literally add weight to
your gut
like something has to physically
manifest on his shoulders
as he feels the responsibility for
killing his son i'm not done with this
you know when you drop an ice cream cone
and you know good and well it's your
fault you know there's a little lump in
your throat because you spent your money
on it
you know how that lung gets even bigger
when you've saved up for an iphone with
your cold hard cash
you ignore the insurance at the apple
store and then crack it as soon as you
get out of the store
doing that to a kid i would say is like
20 times worse
now if all of the butterflies and i mean
a lot of butterflies around the side of
this new one
didn't kind of allude to the fact that
this girl would be wrapped up in a
cocoon and
you know come out as a completely
different being well neither did lewis
because he decides to commit this act of
unburying his daughter
in order to bring her back to that place
that'll bring her back
do you know what has to go into that
process like for starters yet the one
consciously make the decision you want
to do this you find your shovel you
didn't have a whole drive to convince
yourself otherwise
but then you get there park your car you
gotta walk to the grave
and then you think that after i don't
know pumping dirt out for the 50th time
you would realize this isn't something
you should do
nope homie then has to open the casket
take out the body
wrap the body carry the body drive the
body lunge the body
rebury the body and then go back to
drinking coors light don't get me wrong
it's easy to make fun of this guy
because we're not in his position but
let's be honest
if one of my loved ones died i really
don't know what i would do in that
situation like
if i had you know if i even knew there
was a slight chance that i could see
them again
what am i talking about bro if my ipad
cracked i would bury it the next day
and then kill it when it came back as an
android crazy thing about the book is
that these reincarnations are even
scarier
obviously there's some force controlling
all these replicas you know in each take
it's the cat
learning the child which lures a dad so
on and so forth
but in the book what makes them crazier
is that they have the kid coming back
stitched up like the bride of chucky
the kid isn't just taunting them but
verbally abusing them bringing up old
stuff
and the book is creepy because they're
not just dumb frankensteins you know
they don't come back walking like
zombies or
creepy beings they actually have full-on
conversations and ideas
it's almost like they're trying to
assimilate into society like these dudes
want to run for government and destroy
us from within
now there's one scene from the new movie
that i have to give praise to and it
deals with rachel remember how the mom
already believes that dad is dead you
know she's got a little bit more faith
than louis does
well imagine after going to your parents
house to mourn for the death of your
daughter
and then after realizing that your
husband just pulled an unspeakable lie
your dead daughter who you just buried
appears to you
look at this scene and see how shook she
is are you happy mommy
she doesn't know the answer yes or no
like she wants to hug her daughter but
she knows that ain't her daughter
like this is such an unnatural
experience i would have tried out for
another stephen king role instead
she doesn't want me here no no no no no
mommy just needs time
it's okay i don't want her here either
we then have the endings for each that
vary just a little bit in the original
book uh you actually have the woods that
sort of have a mind control element
trying to draw people in
i love the fact that after killing his
son right who murdered his wife and
daughter because
he decided to bury him he still decides
to take his wife to the cemetery
thinking hey you know i messed up with
the kid but if i bury my wife a little
bit quicker maybe the results will be
diff
boy this ain't no baking class like you
know just take her out of the oven a
little bit earlier and think you're
going to get different results the book
then ends with lewis chillin on the
porch as his reincarnated wife comes up
from behind him
ending as she calls him darling
although he didn't even bother bringing
his daughter right he didn't even think
about it
it is very obvious who his favorites
were in the book in the 1989 movie you
also get the dad defeating the child
demon by injecting him with his mustache
from home
but then we get this scooby doo i would
have gotten away with it if it wasn't
for this toddler body
[Music]
clip
imagine a demon nagging like a child
it's so
creepy even after all this this fool
still decides to bury his wife who comes
back missing half her face
and he's like hey yo girl we haven't
done it in a while
that's what you get finally in the 2019
version you know they all end horribly
lewis decides to lock gage in his brand
new
nissan as he goes to deal with his
family but ellie caesar's her own mom to
death
drags her body so that she can come back
just like her which then sets up the
bait to kill the father
knowing good and damn well that it was
going to take both of them to drag jason
clark's dad by to the cemetery
thus bringing him back so he is also one
of them
as we end the movie on this final shot
of the evil versions of the family
standing around the car
telling little gage to unlock it so he
can become one of them
in other words please let the death stay
dead thank you guys for checking out
this video i'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section
interesting movie i still think that the
book is better every single time i go
back
in to watching one of these movies it
makes me want to binge his books even
more and i know one day i will
uh obviously i'm always watching these
films but if there are any other things
that you noted from the book that you
think are worth sending out let me know
i like the idea of the possible prequel
that's coming out where they want to
make a sequel to this one if it does
well but they want to focus on like the
windigo and stuff so that should be
interesting
uh i also think it's interesting the way
that they revealed things uh look at the
screenshot right here where they talked
about how they didn't want to spoil it
but they actually noticed that with test
audiences
if they knew what it was they would know
better i find that funny because
first and foremost i always make lms
with the idea that you're watching it
afterwards like it's an addition to the
movie
i'm enjoying and going through all the
emotions all over again
but i get a lot of people say hey aren't
you spoiling no if you don't want to get
spoiled i mean it says explain you know
don't watch it but i know that a lot of
people want to know what the movie has
this is just further proof james cameron
has said this as well so if anything i'm
kind of helping the movie
um even more than that is the fact that
if you don't want to see
the video you know you have to worry
about it but a lot of the elements that
we do is just rearranging the trailers
they already came out i'm telling you
they release everything you know the
movie before you go see it because
that's the mental tactic that they have
however again my personal stance watch
the movie then enjoy the lme but
this this screenshot was interesting
seeing how they revealed the spoiler
before it came out but
i'm curious to know your thoughts about
this movie let me know which incarnation
you like the best if you're looking
forward to the prequel what your
favorite stephen king movie is
all that stuff down below and don't
forget to comment like and subscribe
so that we can find a way to reboot
airborne